I've recently discovered that sugar and carbs causes my psoriasis, so I've been trying a keto diet and it's effectively stopped my psoriasis entirely. For a while I did UV therapy at home and it did work, but it took a lot of time, was really awkward, and wasnt the best for my skin. I'm really glad I found out that carbs cause my psoriasis - I hope this helps others struggling with this condition.

I recently read one Reddit post about how someone asked 100 people out on dates - and how a surprisingly large number, 24, were open to meeting again. I think a lot of the time we forget that other people are just like us, and probably don't mind making a friend as long as we're approached in a friendly way with a compliment or two. So we should have more confidence in going out of our way to talk to exactly who we want to talk to. The person telling the Reddit story even noted that a few of his successes came from people he had the least expectations of, aka the most attractive people. On a side note, I even have a friend who lives with someone who he one time randomly saw passing by and striked a conversation up with. So if you see someone you'd like to talk to, don't be shy in giving them a compliment.

It's way more effective, and easier, to do many small changes on your project over a long time than to figuratively "go all out" for a day. You simply have more time to be inspired with new ideas.

I've noticed that people (including myself) find more motivation when they're given freedom over something. Likewise, feel demotivated when they're told to do something when that task wasn't generated from their own ideas. For example, I recently handed over a project to someone else and told them they can do whatever they want with it, and even though we were technically on the same team before, they got a sudden motivation to start making different changes to the project and to improve it, as they now considered it their own.

Something that annoys me is how people that show inaction, indifference, submissiveness to a bad thing, who simply put up with it and play the victim, are often seen as the good guy. I think "not being bad" isn't enough to be good. That's one thing that Nietzsche got right - there's a certain evil in allowing yourself to be weak.

In "My Advice For You" I mention Cutting Off Distractions, and a useful strategy I've found is to reduce my options for what I may do, e.g. I've stopped using social media unless it's in a social sitatuation. That's proven to be quite effective, but where's the line? I've decided to put off the gym and reading certain books, not because of a lack of willpower, but because I'd like to spend more time on university as it's my last year, and finding a graduate job, pursuing useful personal projects, etc. These definitely have more value to me at this moment. I feel like the line for what I could cut off for now and be better off for it is quite high. What about socialising? It's good for your health, but at the time same, it won't affect your future too much. I'm able to be where I am because I stand on top of all the work I did in the past, and not because of the socialising I did that I don't even remember. Though, meeting new people is always something I'll have time for. And I hear socialising is the best thing for good mental health.